RHDEVDOCS-4069 - Z-Stream Release Notes - 5.4.2, 5.3.8, 5.2.11 (#46841)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-rn-5.4.2.adoc

[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-4-2"]

> = Logging 5.4.2

Reviewer: Same as 5.2.11 and 5.3.8. The bug list are updated close to the end. Please update the doc accordly.

Author: @anpingli - the following issues are not public and not included on the errata. Including them in the release notes would potentially create confusion.   
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2672
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2671
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2670

> This release includes https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:4874[RHBA-2022:4874-OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.4.2]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:4874[RHBA-2022:4874-OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.4.2]
```

[id="openshift-logging-5-4-2-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, editing the Collector configuration using `oc edit` was difficult because it had inconsistent use of white-space.  This change introduces logic to normalize and format the config prior to any updates by the Operator so that it is easy to edit using `oc edit`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2319[LOG-2319])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, editing the Collector configuration using `oc edit` was difficult because it had inconsistent use of white-space. This change introduces logic to normalize and format the configuration prior to any updates by the Operator so that it is easy to edit using `oc edit`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2319[LOG-2319])
```

* Before this update, the `FluentdNodeDown` alert could not provide instance labels in the message section appropriately. This update resolves the issue by fixing the alert rule to provide instance labels in cases of partial instance failures. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2607[LOG-2607])

> * Before this update, several log levels (e.g. critical) documented as supported by the product were not.  This update fixes the discrepancy so the documented log levels are now supported by the product. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2033[LOG-2033])

Reviewer 2: Replace inline parens with commas.
```suggestion
* Before this update, several log levels, such as`critical`, that were documented as supported by the product were not. This update fixes the discrepancy so the documented log levels are now supported by the product. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2033[LOG-2033])
```
